Digital collections hosted on the Rockefeller Archive Centerâ€™s web
properties are intended to provide accurate and complete representations
of historical materials in our custody in order to advance the
educational and research purposes of our users.

Due to the nature of archival collections, we are not always able to
identify third party rights of privacy, publicity, copyright, or
trademark contained within collections. We are eager to hear from any
potential rights owners, so that we may obtain and document accurate
rights-related information. Upon email request to
<archive@rockarch.org>, we will temporarily remove material from public
view while we address a rights issue. All such requests will be reviewed
by relevant Rockefeller Archive Center stakeholders, who may ask for
additional information to gain a better understanding of the issue and
its consequences.

Given our commitment to preserving the authenticity and integrity of the
archival record, it is unlikely that we will correct errors or
inaccuracies present in original items; redact digital content or
indices; or otherwise remove access to materials except in cases where
there are legal concerns (for example, the presence of Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR) or Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
protected information, significant risks to privacy (for example,
exposed Social Security numbers), or documented evidence of a clear and
imminent threat to personal safety and well-being.
